Update learn-runtime-upgrades.md (#5658)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-runtime-upgrades.md

proposals and referenda.

\* E.g. via `pallets/democracy/storage/ReferendumInfoOf?key1=index&at=blockNumber` on Sidecar.

### Polkadot OpenGov

> Wiht [Polkadot OpenGov](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-polkadot-opengov), these runtime upgrades are voted on and executed via [OpenGov](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-polkadot-opengov). You should monitor the Relay chain as follows to know when the next runtime upgrade will be enacted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime upgrades are voted on and executed via [Polkadot OpenGov](./learn-polkadot-opengov.md). You should monitor the Relay chain as follows to know when the next runtime upgrade will be enacted:
```
